[Docs][Coding Guide] Add coding guide (#2995)
apache/incubator-seatunnel: docs/en/contribution/coding-guide.md

# Coding guide

1. Create entity classes using annotations in the `lombok` plugin (`@Data` `@Getter` `@Setter` `@NonNull` etc...) to reduce the amount of code

2. If you need to use log4j to print logs in a class, preferably use the annotation `@Slf4j` in the `lombok` plugin

3. Issue, pr submission specification:

   > Title specification: [purpose] [module name] Description

   1. pr purpose includes: `Hotfix`, `Feature`, `Improve`, `Bug`, `Docs`, `WIP`

>    2. issue purpose includes: `Feature`, `Bug`, `Docs`, `WIP`, `Discuss`

Reviewer: `WIP`: I prefer to use github's `Draft PR`

Author: Good advice

   3. module name: the current pr or issue involves the name of the module, for example: `Core`, `Connector-V2`, `Connector-V1`, etc.
   4. description: highly summarize what the current pr and issue to do, as far as possible to do the name to know the meaning

4. The community code style has the following specifications (it is recommended to use the auto-formatted code feature of idea).

   > https://github.com/apache/incubator-seatunnel/pull/2641
   >
   > #2641 will introduce the spotless plugin, contributors need to use the plugin to format the code before submitting pr
   1. Indent to 4 spaces
   2. Keyword (try if else catch...) there should be 1 space between keyword and `(`
   3. There should be 1 space between `)` and `{`
   4. There should be 1 space between parameter splitting
   5. If there are more than 3 chain calls, there should be a separate line for each call
   6. If-else should be wrapped in `{}` even if the method body is only one line

>    7. etc....

Reviewer 2: We can point to checkStyle.xml to help the user understand it without having to explain it one by one

Author: Good advice.

5. Code segments are never repeated. If a code segment is used multiple times, you should not define it multiple times, but make it a public segment for other modules to use

6. When throwing an exception, you need to throw the exception along with a hint message. For example, if your connector encounters an `IOException` while reading data, a reasonable approach would be to the following:

   ```java
   try {
       // read logic
   } catch (IOException e) {

>        throw RuntimeException("Meet a IOException, it might has some problems between client and database", e);

Reviewer 2: Throwing overly broad exceptions promotes complex error handling code that is more likely to contain security vulnerabilities.

Author: Good advice.

Reviewer 2: This is a wrong example, IoException is too broad and it is not a good practice, refer to what I said above.

| seatunnel-engine                       | SeaTunnel engine module, seatunnel-engine is a new computational engine developed by the SeaTunnel Community that focuses on data synchronization. |
| seatunnel-formats                      | SeaTunnel formats module, used to offer the ability of formatting data |
| seatunnel-plugin-discovery             | SeaTunnel plugin discovery moudle, used to offer the ability of loading SPI plugins from classpath |
| seatunnel-transforms                   | SeaTunnel transform plugin module                            |
| seatunnel-translation                  | SeaTunnel translation module, used to adapt Connector V2 and other computing engines such as Spark Flink etc... |

## Pull Request Rules

1. Create entity classes using annotations in the `lombok` plugin (`@Data` `@Getter` `@Setter` `@NonNull` etc...) to reduce the amount of code

2. If you need to use log4j to print logs in a class, preferably use the annotation `@Slf4j` in the `lombok` plugin

3. Issue, pr submission specification:

   > Title specification: [purpose] [module name] Description

>    1. pr purpose includes: `Hotfix`, `Feature`, `Improve`, `Bug`, `Docs`, `WIP`.Please note that if your pr purpose is WIP, then you need to use github's draft pr

Reviewer 3: How about don't use `Bug` in pr title? Because we already have `Hotfix` in pr ,so only use `Bug` in issue title is better.

    * the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
    *
    *    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    *
    * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    * limitations under the License.
    */
   ```

8. Please check the format of your code before submitting pr:

   ```shell
   ./mvnw checkstyle:check
   ```

9. Please test the entire project for compilation before submitting pr:

   ```shell
   # multi threads compile
   ./mvnw -T 1C clean package
   ```

   ```shell
   # single thread compile
   ./mvnw clean package
   ```

10. Before submitting pr, please do a full unit test and integration test locally, best practice is to use the `seatunnel-examples` module's ability to self-test to ensure that the multi-engine is running properly and the results are correct

11. If you submit a pr with a feature that requires updated documentation, please update the documentation

> 12. If a new dependency is introduced in pr, you need to add the license declaration of the new dependency in the specified location

Reviewer 3: The expression of license is vague, the jar dependency by connector-v2 is do not need add license.

Author: > The expression of license is vague, the jar dependency by connector-v2 is do not need add license.

Don't we need to declare a license when we bring in a new component? Because of the seatunnel-engine CI temporarily turns off the step of checking the dependency license, the follow-up is still to be opened.

Reviewer 3: > > The expression of license is vague, the jar dependency by connector-v2 is do not need add license.
> 
> Don't we need to declare a license when we bring in a new component? Because of the seatunnel-engine CI temporarily turns off the step of checking the dependency license, the follow-up is still to be opened.

Because we don't release connector-v2 binary package, so it is not need add license for the connector-v2 dependency. @CalvinKirs  PTAL

Reviewer 2: All connectors do not release binary packages.

You only need to reference the contents of the PR templates.

Author: So what should we do next? Delete or update?

Author: OK, I remove it from docs.

> 13. Submit the pr of connector type can write e2e test to ensure the robustness and robustness of the code, e2e test should include the full data type, and e2e test as little as possible to initialize the docker image, write the test cases of sink and source together to reduce the loss of resources, while using asynchronous features to ensure the stability of the test. A good example can be found at: [JdbcGreenplumIT.java](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seatunnel/blob/dev/seatunnel-e2e/seatunnel-spark-connector-v2-e2e/connector-jdbc-spark-e2e/src/test/java/org/apache/seatunnel/e2e/spark/v2/jdbc/JdbcGreenplumIT.java)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
13. Submit the pr of connector type can write e2e test to ensure the robustness and robustness of the code, e2e test should include the full data type, and e2e test as little as possible to initialize the docker image, write the test cases of sink and source together to reduce the loss of resources, while using asynchronous features to ensure the stability of the test. A good example can be found at: [MongodbIT.java](https://github.com/apache/incubator-seatunnel/blob/dev/seatunnel-e2e/seatunnel-flink-connector-v2-e2e/connector-mongodb-flink-e2e/src/test/java/org/apache/seatunnel/e2e/flink/v2/mongodb/MongodbIT.java)
```
